We're here on the beach today to show you how simple AWS is when it comes to using Lightsail. All you have to do is log into your account, and right here on the homepage, you're going to be able to go and build with Lightsail just by clicking on the Lightsail login. Now, the nice thing with Lightsail is designed to step you easily through the different pieces that you're going to need without any technical explanation. Why yes, I would like to do this in English. So, once you save that, then the engine here is going to step you through the pieces. Let's get started. The first thing that it's going to ask you is what type of application do you want to run on Lightsail? Now, you could run a WordPress application or maybe get into one of the other more complicated elements. For example, let's say you want to run a LAMP stack or run a Drupal server. These become easy choices once you make them. Everything else happens without you needing to worry about the micro details. Let's go ahead and launch a WordPress server here. Once we've got that established, we then decide how big of an engine do you want to run? Do you want it to have a high volume? High velocity? Or just a nice simple starting one? We'll even pick up the cost the first month free. Got to give it a name. So, what are we calling this? Well, this is my CorporateWordpressSite. Let's make it. At this point, you sit back, you enjoy the beach, nice palm tree by the way, wait for it to launch. In a matter of a minute or so, it will be ready. Oh wait! It's already ready! That was it. We're set here, it's already running and we can go ahead and click on that WordPress site. Now, by the way, if you want more information on how to actually use WordPress, there's a link right here to the Get Started guide so you can learn more about how you can be a site admin. But everything you need to go is all set. There's the IP address, open up a new tab, and that's it. The user blog is all set. You got your Hello World! post already ready to go. There's your admin login. It's that simple. Now, from here, you can take it wherever you want to go. Where I want to go? I want to sit here some more.