Hi everyone, let's hop in and talk
a little bit about computing with AWS. In an earlier module, we introduced
the concept of compute as being one of the core services offered by AWS. In the upcoming modules, we are going
to dive into a few different compute services, such as Amazon Elastic Compute, or
EC2, and Amazon Lightsail. Before we get too much further, let's define what we really
mean by compute services. In order to power your business, you need some sort of compute capacity
available to you to run applications. In a traditional environment, you would first need to estimate how much
compute capacity you're going to need, buy the necessary hardware to
support that capacity, and stand up the computers or
servers to run your application on. Once you deploy your application to those
servers, you must maintain that server from the physical maintenance perspective,
as well as from a software perspective. In contrast, when you're building
cloud-native applications, you can shift to using
a compute as a service model, which allows you to provision and
consume raw compute or server capacity over the internet
with pay-as-you-go pricing. This would take away
the burden of standing up and maintaining those physical servers, while
still allowing you to have the control over what type of hardware you need to run
and the software that runs on top of it. In addition to building out and maintaining computer infrastructure in
a traditional on-premise environment, what happens if your initial estimate for
capacity was not enough or too much? If you underprovision resources, your users will feel the effects
of a slow application or service. Latency leads to user dissatisfaction,
which could impact your business. To remedy this, you need to go out,
purchase more servers, and follow the same process of installing, setting up, and
maintaining those physical servers. On the flip side, if you overprovisioned,
well you're going to be paying for those idle resources, and
driving up costs unnecessarily. Wouldn't it be nice if you could just
provision the capacity you need on demand? AWS compute services allow
you to do just that. These compute services can easily
eliminate the pain of underprovisioning or overprovisioning resources by
offering flexible, scalable, and configurable compute resources in
the cloud to meet your specific needs. AWS also offers managed compute options,
like Amazon Lightsail, that allow you to use compute capacity without
worrying about provisioning or managing the underlying hardware. In addition, we have other options
that go beyond raw server capacity. We offer container services that allow
you to use Docker through Elastic Container Service, or ECS, or
Kubernetes through EKS. We also offer pure serverless
solutions, like AWS Lambda. With the flexibility of
AWS compute services, you can run virtually any
application in the cloud. In the next sections, we will discuss
a few compute services specifically.