Welcome back, Blaine here. We want to talk about how AWS actually deploys our services regionally. So, to start with that, we want to ask a question, what is a Region? A Region is a geographically self-contained area where all of the resources you need for your application, all the compute, all the storage, are contained. It's going to be inside a single country boundary bounded by a single set of laws, and they are right now located all around the world. You might find that we have a Region located in London, for example, or maybe you've got one that's down in Sydney, Australia, or Montreal, or maybe down in Sao Paulo, Brazil, or Frankfurt, Germany. We have many Regions all over the world. I'm not even going to give you the number because probably by the time you watch this video, the number will have changed again. Every Region is designed to be self-contained to have all the assets you need to run your application. Which means right now the only question you have to ask is, which Region is the right Region for your business? It turns out there are four specific questions, four considerations, that you need to ask, when you decide which one of these many global Regions is going to be the right one for you? The first question is pretty obvious, and it has to do with latency. Where are your customers located? If you've got customers for example, that are living in Rio de Janeiro, where's my Rio graphic? Here we go. If they live in Rio, it makes a lot of sense to run your application out of the Sao Paulo Region. Simply because speed of light is going to be a lot closer. Sure, you could run over in Frankfurt, but the distance around the globe to get to your customers is going to cause that extra bit of lag that is simply unavoidable. That's just a speed of light question. So, if speed to your customer is your number one priority, then certainly latency becomes my consideration. But there are some other things. Not every Region is priced the same, because each different country has their own set of tax laws, their own financial situations, you'll find the exact same services in different Regions may have different costs. Now, you can find out exactly what these costs are anytime, by simply going to aws.amazon.com and look into the different Regions, where we'll explicitly tell you service by service exactly what your projected costs will be. You might find there's a significant difference Region to Region. For example, our Sao Paulo Region is a wonderful place, if you're dealing with a latency issue for your real customers. But simply due to local tax laws, it also happens to be a little more expensive than many of our other Regions. So, if budget is one of your strong considerations, you might look to one of our North American Regions even though the latency may be more. But legal restrictions may change the entire conversation altogether. You might have specific United States HIPAA requirements, or you might have European GDPR requirements, or let's say, you actually have a business it's running in Germany. In which case you might be required by law, based on the type of load you're running, that you must run in the Frankfurt data center. While you'll have great latency because your customers are in Germany anyway, that this compliance outweighs any other consideration because of legal restrictions. So, make sure you understand if the country you operate in has requirements that may dictate everything right away. Finally, service availability. We try to roll every feature out to every Region, but sometimes a brand new feature gets released. For example, at re:Invent, we often release dozens of brand new services, and those may take a few months to actually get into every Region around the globe. So, if you want to try one of the brand new services, make sure you know which Region they're operating in. It might be operating over in Dublin, or perhaps the Northern Virginia Region. You'll find the right location for you. Eventually, they'll probably be running in every Region. But if it's new and you want to try it, check the Region out first. So, that's why you choose one Region over another. What makes up a Region itself? Well, to do that, let's go ahead and dive into what a Region's made of.