- So as we look at what is a region, we want to ask what is a
region actually made of? What are the pieces that
together comprise this geographically separate area? At AWS a region is a collection of availability zones. Now you can think of an availability zone as if it was a standalone data center. Now the truth is at AWS an
availability zone might actually be more than one data
center, but we don't make a big deal about that. For us this single object while it might be two or three buildings and might be spread across
a parking lot we call this one availability zone
because it's logically treated as that. Inside a region we always
have at least two availability zones separated by miles of distance, tens of miles of distance. And we do this specifically
to protect you against what? Your lizard friend. Yes, your favorite lizard and mine can be unfortunately a cause of problems for your application because
when your lizard friend comes to be angry in a particular area, your lizard friend is going to find your set of data centers, an
availability zone perhaps and by dancing around
could cause enough trouble that you could lose
connectivity to everything in that availability zone. At AWS we don't want you to
have to worry about that. So a region is made up of
multiple availability zones. And you don't have to worry
about the distance between them because AWS connects
those availability zones with a proprietary high
speed fiber network, multiple lines between
every availability zone so you can treat it as a single area. But you run your application
simultaneously across all of the availability zones. You might have application servers that run in both AZs. And you might have a database where you've got your master
in one availability zone that connects to a standby in a different availability zone. The idea is it doesn't matter
what might happen to an availability zone, because
maybe it's not your lizard friend this time but there
might be some other natural disaster, a hurricane,
a tornado, an earthquake that we don't want you to worry about. It doesn't matter if
there's a temporary loss of connectivity to an
availability zone because your application runs in both
of them at the same time. This is how you can not only
be effective, be scalable, but also highly available
all while running in a single region of your choice.